When it comes to ownership, you have the owner, you have a group owner, and then you also have other
uses, the owner is a user who created the file or directory.
Any file or directory a user creates is automatically owned by that user and that users group.
Whenever you add a user on your server, that user is created and a group with the same name is also
created.
We're now going to look at the owner, the group owner and other users.
Let me start by referring you back to the listing of the Ingenix directory.
There are two columns that are of interest to us, the non charactor permissions column and the ownership
column.
The ownership column displays the file or directory owner on the left and the file or directory group
owner on the right.
Looking at the list, all the files are owned by the route user and the group owner is the route group.
When we work with permissions and ownership, there are three types of users the owner, the group owner
and then the other user.
The owner is a user who created the file or directory.
Any file or directory a user creates is automatically owned by that user and that users group.
Whenever you create a user on your server, that user is created and a group with the same name is also
created by different users can be added to a group and that group of users can be given permissions
on files or directories.
Groups are used to organize users on a server.
Now we get to other users.
The other user is a user who didn't create the file and is not part of the same group as the owner.